{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red200\green201\blue200;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99985\c0;
\cssrgb\c82302\c82696\c82574;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1. \{name: "Babelgum"\}\
\
\cf2 2. \cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 filter: \{number_of_employees:\{$gt:5000\}\} sort: \{number_of_employees:1\} limit: 20\cf2 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
3.Filter: \{$and:[\{founded_year:\{$gt:2000\}\},\{founded_year:\{$lt:2005\}\}]\}\
Project:  \{name:1,founded_year:1,_id:0\}\
\
4.  Filter: \{$and:[\{'acquisition.price_amount':\{$gt:100000000\}\},\{founded_year:\{$lt:2010\}\}]\},\
  Project: \{name:1,ipo:1\}\
\
5. Filter: \{$and:[\{number_of_employees:\{$lt:1000\}\},\{founded_year:\{$lt:2005\}\}]\},\
Project:  \{number_of_employees:1,_id:0,name:1\}\
\
6. \
\
7. Filter:   \{category_code:null\},\
Project:  \{name:1,_id:0\}\
\
8. Filter:   \{$and:[\{number_of_employees:\{$gte:100\}\},\{number_of_employees:\{$lt:1000\}\}]\},\
Project:  \{name:1,number_of_employees:1\}\
\
9. Project:   undefined,\
Sort:  \{name:1,'ipo.valuation_amount':1\}\
\
10. Sort:   \{number_of_employees: -1\}\
\
11. Filter:   \{founded_month:\{$gt:6\}\},\
Project:  \{founded_month:1\}\
\
12. Filter:   \{$and:[\{founded_year:\{$lt:2000\},'acquisition.price_amount':\{$gt:10000000\}\}]\},\
Project:  \{name:1,_id:0,'acquisition.price_amount':1\}\
\
13. Filter:   \{'acquisition.acquired_year':\{$gt:2010\}\},\
Project:  \{name:1,'acquisition.acquired_year':1\}\
\
14.  Filter:  \{founded_year:\{$gt:1\}\},\
Project:  \{name:1,founded_year:1\}\
\
15. Filter: \{founded_day:\{$lte:7\}\},\
Project:  \{'acquisition.price_amount':1\}\
\
16. Filter:   \{$and:[\{category_code:'web'\},\{number_of_employees:\{$gt:4000\}\}]\}\
\
17. Filter: \{$and:[\{'acquisition.price_amount':\{$gt:10000000\}\},\{'acquisition.price_currency_code':'EUR'\}]\}\
\
18. Filter:   \{'acquisition.acquired_month':\{$lte:3\}\},\
Project:  \{name:1,acquisition:1\}\
\
19. Filter: \{$and:[\{founded_year:\{$gt:2000\}\},\{founded_year:\{$lt:2010\}\},\{'acquisition.acquired_year':\{$gt:2011\}\}]\}}